Skip to Content
Align and Flow
Classes
Teachers
Training
Journal
Login
Sign up
A yoga & meditation collective that’s passionate about helping you stay grounded on the go. 

Member Arya practicing Backbends with Denise in her studio

Instructor Jordan leading Morning Meditation from home

Plan your practice

Find a flow that fits your schedule

We’ve created three types of membership plans to best align with your individual practice. Whether you’re looking to improve on basic yoga principles, gain unlimited access to a variety of classes, or start a teacher training program—we’ve got a plan that can flex to meet your goals.

Explore plans
Discover a practice that makes you
STRONGER  CALMER  LIGHTER  
BALANCED  FOCUSED  PATIENT
S · P · A · C · I · O · U · S

Receive gentle guidance

With experienced teachers you can trust

Each of our registered yoga teachers have gone through certified training programs, specializing in a variety of different practices including Hatha, Vinyasa, Ashtanga, and Yin. At Align & Flow, we provide guidance for all levels of practice so you can decide what feels best for your body. 

Meet your teachers

Choose a practice plan
Yoga Principles

Explore different styles of yoga & meditation with foundational tutorial videos for both beginners and experienced practitioners.

Free
Sign Up
Unlimited Yoga & Meditation

Keep your options open with a full virtual library of classes, ranging from 5-minute meditations to 75-minute yoga flows.

$15/mo
Sign Up
200-hr Teacher Training

Take your practice to the next level by participating in our certified yoga teacher training program. Learn more about our approach.

$3,500
Sign Up

Explore our virtual classes

With a variety of styles and formats to match your goals

Not all yoga and meditation is made the same, which is why we’ve created a dynamic selection of classes and video tutorials. Whether you’re looking for a full cardio flow or a relaxing meditation, we’ve got the options you need to balance your practice.

Explore classes

Instructor Alexis leading Unwind Meditation from an open field in Marfa, TX

From the Journal
Sharing your practice with family
March 2, 2020
 
Setting up your space
March 2, 2020
 
The importance of getting out of our comfort zone
March 2, 2020
 
Poses 101: Lunge
March 2, 2020
More posts
Make space for yourself
Choose a plan
Align & Flow

Stay in the Loop
—

Subscribe to our newsletter

 Sign up

Made with Squarespace

Create A Site Like This
Free trial. Instant access.